Remove default value for `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` (#104)
tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool: CHANGELOG.md

## [1.1.1] - 2023-12-13

> - Fixed default use of `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE`. Now if `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` is installed via
> environment variable or written in the `init.lua` file, then you need to specify value of `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE`
> in the `.withRouterPassword()` method. If `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` is not specified, the default value (`secret-cluster-cookie`) 
> will be used and no additional actions are required ([#55](https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/issues/55))

Reviewer: I think this will be a more clear explanation:

```suggestion
- Remove the default value for `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE` env variable in cartridge container.
  Now it works like in cartridge in order of decreasing priority as directed by the user:
  `TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE > cartridge.cfg > default_cookie`
  You can set TARANTOOL_CLUSTER_COOKIE by build-arg on image building or by env arg before container starting
  ([#55](https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/issues/55))
- **[Breaking change]** Default routerPassword has been changed from `testapp-cluster-cookie` to `secret-cluster-cookie`
  ([#55](https://github.com/tarantool/testcontainers-java-tarantool/issues/55))
```

Author: Fixed
